Update air-review-approve-pending-completed-actions.md (#5324)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/air-review-approve-pending-completed-actions.md

ms.date: 06/10/2021
---

**Applies to**
- [Microsoft Defender for Office 365 plan 2](defender-for-office-365.md)

# Review and manage remediation actions in Office 365

As automated investigations on email & collaboration content result in verdicts, such as *Malicious* or *Suspicious*, certain remediation actions are created. In Microsoft Defender for Office 365, remediation actions can include:

- Soft deleting email messages or clusters
- Turning off external mail forwarding

> These remediation actions are not taken unless and until your security operations team approves them. We recommend reviewing and approving any pending actions as soon as possible so that your automated investigations complete in a timely manner. In some cases, you can re-consider submitted actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These remediation actions are not taken unless and until your security operations team approves them. We recommend reviewing and approving any pending actions as soon as possible so that your automated investigations complete in a timely manner. In some cases, you can reconsider submitted actions.
```

## Approve (or reject) pending actions
There are four different ways to find and take auto investigation actions:

> - Incident queue (<https://security.microsoft.com/incidents>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Incident queue](https://security.microsoft.com/incidents).
```

> - Action Center (<https://security.microsoft.com/action-center/pending>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Action center](https://security.microsoft.com/action-center/pending).
```

> - Investigation itself (accessed via Incident or from an alert)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Investigation itself (accessed via the incident or from an alert).
```

> - Investigation and remediation investigations queue (<https://security.microsoft.com/airinvestigation>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Investigation and remediation investigations queue](https://security.microsoft.com/airinvestigation).
```

## Incident queue

> 1. Go to the Microsoft 365 security center (<https://security.microsoft.com>) and sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [Microsoft 365 security center](https://security.microsoft.com) and sign in.
```

> 2. In the navigation pane, select **Incidents & alerts > Incidents**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the navigation pane, select **Incidents & alerts > Incidents**.
```

> 3. Select an incident name and it will open a summary page 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select an incident name and it will open a summary page.
```

> 4. Go to **Evidence and Response** tab 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Go to the **Evidence and Response** tab.
```

> 5. Select an item in the list. Its sidepane opens 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select an item in the list. Its side pane opens.
```

> 6. In the sidepane take approve or reject actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the side pane, take approve or reject actions.
```

## Investigation queue 

> 1. Go to the Microsoft 365 security center (<https://security.microsoft.com>) and sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [Microsoft 365 security center](https://security.microsoft.com) and sign in.
```

> 2. Navigate from alerts / incident page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate from the alerts/incident page. 
```

> 3. In the Investigation page, go to **pending actions** tab. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the Investigation page, go to the **pending actions** tab. 
```

> 4. Select an item in the list. Its sidepane opens.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select an item in the list. Its side pane opens.  
```

> 5. In the sidepane take approve or reject actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the side pane, take approve or reject actions.
```

> ## Action Center

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Action center
```

> 1. Go to the Microsoft 365 security center (<https://security.microsoft.com>) and sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [Microsoft 365 security center](https://security.microsoft.com) and sign in.
```

2. In the navigation pane, select **Action center**.
3. On the **Pending** tab, review the list of actions that are awaiting approval.
   - Select **Open investigation page** to view more details about the investigation.
   - Select **Approve** to initiate a pending action.
   - Select **Reject** to prevent a pending action from being taken.

## Auto investigation and remediation investigations queue

> 1. Go to the Microsoft 365 security center (<https://security.microsoft.com/airinvestigation>) and sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [Microsoft 365 security center](https://security.microsoft.com) and sign in.
```

2. Open pending investigations. 

> 3. In the Investigation page, go to **pending actions** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the Investigation page, go to the **pending actions** tab.
```

> 4. Select an item in the list. Its sidepane pane opens.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select an item in the list. Its side pane opens.  
```

> 5. In the sidepane take approve or reject actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the side pane, take approve or reject actions.
```

## Change or undo one remediation action

> There are two different ways to re-consider submitted actions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two different ways to reconsider submitted actions:
```

>    - Through Unified action center (<https://security.microsoft.com/action-center>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Through the [unified action center](https://security.microsoft.com/action-center).
```

>    - Though office action center (<https://security.microsoft.com/threatincidents>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Though the [Office action center](https://security.microsoft.com/threatincidents).
```

> ## Change or undo through Unified action center

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Change or undo through the unified action center
```

> 1. Go to the Action center (<https://security.microsoft.com/action-center>) and sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [unified action center](https://security.microsoft.com/action-center) and sign in.
```

2. On the **History** tab, select an action that you want to change or undo.

> 3. In the pane on the right side of the screen, select appropriate actions (**move to inbox**, **move to junk**,**move to deleted items**, **soft delete", **hard delete** )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the pane on the right side of the screen, select the appropriate action (**move to inbox**, **move to junk**,**move to deleted items**, **soft delete", or **hard delete**).
```

>  ## Change or undo through Office action center 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ## Change or undo through the Office action center 
```

> 1. Go to the Action center (<https://security.microsoft.com/threatincidents>) and sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [Office action center](https://security.microsoft.com/threatincidents) and sign in.
```

> 2. Select appropriate remediation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the appropriate remediation.
```

> 3. In the sidepane, click on the mail submissions entry and wait for the list to load. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the side pane, click on the mail submissions entry and wait for the list to load. 
```

> 4. Wait for the action button to enable and click on the Action button on top to change the action type. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Wait for the Action button at the top to enable and select the Action button to change the action type. 
```

> 5. This will create appropriate actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. This will create the appropriate actions.
```
